[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Karen, Welcome
>> Thank you.
>> Welcome to LA.
>> Yes, thank you very much.
It's so nice to be in
this amazing weather.
>> It's amazing weather,
and it's January.
It's almost the new year,
and we're in short sleeves.
I'm sweating.
>> I'm refusing to sweat.
>> OK, don't sweat.
>> Until after the interview.
>> All right, good move.
And you're here for
the Channel Panel.
>> I'm here for the
Channel Panel, yeah.
>> Very exciting.
>> And to meet you and many
friends that I haven't met face
to face, but I've known
through Facebook and different
channeling contact, YouTube,
and all these things.
>> And you're
originally from America.
>> I'm from South Carolina.
>> South Carolina?
OK.
>> Yeah.
I was born in Tennessee.
I grew up primarily
in South Carolina.
We lived in the Washington,
DC area until I was about 10.
And then we moved
to South Carolina,
and then I went to
university there.
And then I moved
to New York City.
I was an actress and a singer.
And then I started
pursuing more music.
And at the same time, I was
always really much more busy
with my spirituality, so
I just took a decision
that I wasn't as
dedicated as I needed
to be to be in the
show business world.
>> It's a lot of dedication.
>> Yeah, yeah.
And I didn't like living in
a car or starving and all
that stuff.
But I did some nice things.
I had fun, and it was enjoyable.
And then I had an opportunity.
I moved to Florida, and then
after that, I moved to Europe,
and I've been in the
Netherlands since 2000.
>> Since 2000, wow.
17 years?
>> Yeah.
>> OK, in the
Netherlands proper?
>> In the Hague in
the Netherlands.
Yeah.
>> OK, where?
>> It's about 45
minutes from Amsterdam.
>> What drew you there?
>> I was working for a sport
nutrition company, who--
it was a company that
made high protein bars.
It was the first company that
ever made a high protein bar.
And they were bought
by a Dutch company,
and I was the international
sales manager for them.
And then they gave
me the opportunity
to go when they bought them,
because they wanted to set up
the European business.
And I thought, yes, I'll go.
>> And was that--
I guess you went, and
you fell in love and--
>> No, well, I fell in
love with the country.
I just decided if I was going
to go, I was really going to go.
You know, I wasn't going to just
kind of go, stay for a year.
I moved lock, stock,
and barrel over.
And I just thought, I'm going.
And I just had no
reservation about doing it,
and I got on the
plane, and there I was,
and I'm still there.
>> Now, is it easy to navigate?
I've never been-- I've actually
never really been to Europe,
so that's the thing.
>> Well, the Netherlands is
one of the countries that is
the easiest, because everybody
speaks perfect English,
the entire country--
young, old, and
everything in between.
They speak English.
They're very, very
entrepreneurial as a country.
They're the ones that invent
so many of the things that
are out there.
And they come out
of the Netherlands.
It's a very open society.
They were the first
to enact gay marriage.
They have very lax--
not lax but permissive laws
when it comes to drugs.
Not that I do drugs, but
just the fact that they
look at it like, you
know, it's better
to prevent than to demonize.
>> Yeah, they're one of the
countries that sort of took
that stance and--
>> Yeah, and they do
that on so many things.
It's a socialist
country, but it's
also very free,
so much more free
than I think even in America.
>> Interesting.
>> --They value things
differently than we value them.
>> And you're doing
your practice--
spiritual practices
and teachings
out of the Netherlands--
>> Yes.
>> --Primarily, or Europe,
because you have many events
out there.
>> Yeah, I do.
I do a lot of channeling events
and personal sessions, as well
as I've been on YouTube a lot.
So I do-- I work
with Human Colony.
I used to have a radio show with
Rob Gauthier on his network.
When he had his network, it
was myself, Daniel Scranton,
Roxanne Swainhart, Rob,
and some other people.
And we all had a show, and
that's how I really came in.
And I started
channelling like right
at that moment when
I had the radio show.
But I was having
the radio show--
it's called "About Oneness,"
and it was just really
about talking about
things I found fascinating
and the people that were
living their life in a way that
reflected my sort of worldview.
>> And you would
interview these people--
>> No, I'd interview them.
It's just a radio
show, and it was
online on Blog Talk Radio,
and then shortly thereafter, I
ended up with the same show,
but on Pyramid One network,
so I was doing it twice a week.
And then I'd started channeling
and it sort of went from there.
>> So before the show,
where you channeling or--
>> Well, I'll tell you, I've--
I said my similar spiritual
practice has always
been my most important thing.
And when I say that, I
really, really mean it.
I was a kid, from the
time I could utter
words, that was God-focused.
Without even knowing
what God was,
I just knew that
there was something.
And I had this thing where
I just couldn't accept
that you couldn't talk to God.
I was incensed as a
five-year-old child,
because I just was like,
why won't you talk to me?
You know, and I would
really walk around and talk
to the sky and sort
of demand and state
my case about why I
should be able to connect.
And-- but you know, if
you're in Christianity,
which my family was
never religious,
but they are
American Christians.
>> Probably in growing
up in the South--
>> Growing up in the South.
>> --You're exposed
to that a lot.
>> Yeah, but not in any
kind of fervent way,
but just that we had a Bible.
We were Christian.
You know, and-- but
I was told, no, God
didn't talk to people anymore.
>> Anymore?
Anymore, really?
>> But he did in the
Bible, obviously.
>> Oh, yeah.
I guess so.
>> Yeah.
>> OK, anymore, yeah.
>> There was a part of me that
just didn't find that that
could be possible.
It didn't resonate
with me at all,
and I was really
determined that--
you know, it's like some people
are going to climb a mountain.
I was going to find God,
and that was my motivation.
And when I was about I guess
six or seven years old,
I was at my grandmother's,
and I was off
playing on the
railroad tracks, which
she lived up in the mountains.
And I was, again, sort of having
this, why won't you talk to me?
Where are you?
And I just heard, we're
here, and we love you.
And then I was suspicious.
>> Where's that voice?
>> Yeah, who is it?
But it was an internal voice.
And it wasn't
auditory, but I was--
and I was like,
well, who are you?
And I heard, we are God.
And-- and I accepted it.
It was just so loving,
and then I, you know,
had this thing of, well, how
do I know it's really you?
And I was told that--
>> So even at six,
you're asking this.
That's wise.
>> I was discerning-- yeah,
because people had said, oh,
make sure you're not
talking to the devil,
and all these things.
And you know, just
it's fear-based,
but it was in me
already, that fear.
And I didn't want to have
any kind of bad contact,
and I didn't want anything
that would be wrong.
But I sincerely wanted that.
And they told me that
they would show me
a dove when it was them.
So in my eye sight, with my eyes
open and with my eyes closed,
I can see a white
dove when they come.
And I was told, a dove you
will see when you speak to me.
That's what I was told.
And then I still see it.
>> You still see the dove.
>> Yeah.
When they want my attention,
then I see this little dove.
And it's usually here or
here, just a little white sort
of shape.
>> That's a nice
little validation that
you're connecting
to that energy.
Yeah.
>> Yeah.
And so I will tell you,
as my connection with them
evolved, things lined up
that couldn't have lined up
if it wasn't sort of
predetermined in a way,
because I found out later--
because my definition
of who they were
and what I was connecting to
changed over time as I grew,
as I learned more things.
First, then I thought,
well, maybe it's my angels.
Then I thought, well,
maybe it is God.
And I went back and forth.
And then I thought, OK,
it's my higher self.
I finally kind of clued in that
it was the higher, larger part
of me, the knowing part of me.
>> About how old were you at
this time by the time you--
>> By six and seven.
>> Oh, wow.
>> I mean it started that I was
talking to them all the time,
you know, and I was
asking questions,
and they would answer questions.
>> Would you do this in
front of other people?
So did your parents--
>> No.
>> --Were they concerned?
No, my mom-- my mom--
I've never told
anybody this, but when
I was a little girl, like
little, little, my mom told me,
you're really special.
I mean every parent
says that to me.
But she-- I asked her,
and she would say,
you have the ability
to understand things
that people much older than
you can't understand deeply.
And I apparently
had that from when
I was a really young
child, and she just
said-- so when I told her that
I was having this experience,
she believed me.
>> Oh, good.
>> Yeah.
And she did, but I have to
also say that my mom also
has experiences.
>> And so, you know, it helps.
But it was never like promoted
or talked about in my house,
but it wasn't pooh-poohed
or any denial about it
or made feel weird about it.
I had such a love of God and
whatever I thought god was.
But I would ask them questions,
and they would teach me things.
And the first concept they
ever taught me was something
they called all time
at the same time.
And they showed me that using--
I remember, because I was
sitting reading the comics.
You know, I used to-- you know,
you'd get the Sunday paper,
and you'd have the
big comic section.
>> And they said to me that
if I looked at the comics,
that that's how time was, that
it was like little sections.
But then they showed
me in my mind's eye
an entire comic book
but stretching out
as far as you could see.
And they said, this is
everything that's happening.
And it's all right now.
And they said, you can move
from section to section
if you want to.
So that's what they told
me, and they taught me--
they told me that when I
would walk into a room,
the room would appear, and
when I would leave the room,
the room was gone.
And--
>> Nice.
It's-- being that age, to put
it in those reference points,
it's probably very simple.
>> Yeah, very
simple but so clear.
And so then I started
to get concerned about,
what did I need to know?
What did I need to know?
And they said, well,
go get your Bible.
And for me, this Bible
was this big Bible.
>> Oh, OK.
>> Now in my life, it's
really like this big.
But when I was
little, it was big.
And it was, this is
how religious we were.
>> A lot of pages,
and they're thin, so.
>> Well, it was one
of those big ones,
but it was in the closet
under a box in a box.
So to get it, you had
to really work for it.
But so I went and
got it, and they just
said, open it to the
first page you see.
And I just trusted.
I just had no qualms, and
I just flipped it open.
And they said, now
look down and read.
So I had to be older,
because I could read--
seven or eight now.
And it was a verse, and
it said, if a man says
he loves God but hates his
neighbor, he is a liar.
For how can he love
God, who he has seen,
and hate his neighbor,
who he has not seen?
No, I said it backwards.
>> Put it the other way, yeah.
>> Yeah, sorry.
How can he love God
who he has not seen
and hate his neighbor,
who he has seen?
Sorry.
It was 1 John 4:20.
And then they said to me--
>> Oh, that's John--
OK.
>> --That's all
you need to know.
>> Oh, beautiful.
>> They said, that's
all you need to know.
Always ask yourself if
this is love or not love.
And so that became my truth,
that I measured everything.
>> Wow.
>> And I would look
at everything and go,
is this love?
Is this not love?
>> Nice.
And from such a young age.
>> Yeah, so I was--
>> Wish I had that.
>> Well, it took me a
little while to get there.
>> So I was armed with
that, and, you know, I--
I was always sort of
searching for people
who had the same sort of
connection or devotion
or love of this
relationship that I had.
And I sort of went
into Christianity
in the sort of holy
roller churches.
And I thought, these
people love God, you know.
And then there was a lot
of other stuff in there
that was very judgmental
and fear-based.
And I just said,
well, this isn't love.
But it didn't change my
relationship with God.
It just made me know that
that wasn't the place for me.
And then I think, by this
time, I'm moving into college.
I'm about 18, 19 years old.
I read Paramahansa Yogananda's
"Autobiography of a Yogi."
>> So that's why you went the
other day to the temple and--
>> Yeah.
>> You have a little
connection there.
>> Yeah, because that was such
a nice connection that we went
there.
But that was really the
opening, and for so many people,
that's the opening.
>> Sure, yeah.
Well, especially
here in LA and--
>> Oh, yeah, because
you have the temple.
>> What he brought here to the
community and to Hollywood,
you know.
Everybody's--
>> Yeah, so you're lucky here.
I was in the deep
south, so I was
a little bit of a weird person.
>> Me, too.
I was raised in Atlanta, so.
>> Yeah, so-- but I didn't care.
You know, I didn't care.
And I just made that
sort of my devotion
to learn as much as I
could about everything
and just to find the truths that
I knew but didn't maybe have
a terminology for or whatever.
And then through that,
I came into Hinduism.
>> Hinduism, OK.
>> Yeah, and I started studying
the Gita and the Vedic texts,
and I studied Sanskrit
and Sanskrit pronunciation
and light, the light
sounds of that.
And it's really in-depth.
So I was having all of
this sort of connection,
and I was quite happy with it.
And then in 2010,
Theos said to me,
do you not want
to know our name?
And I promise you,
I had never thought
about them having a name or
being a sort of personality.
I just thought they were my
guides, my God connection.
And so I asked,
what is the name?
And they said, well, we've
chosen this name specifically
for you so that you understand
who you're speaking to.
And they said that
we are called Theos.
>> OK.
Theos with an S.
>> Theos with an S,
and Theos means God.
>> Oh, OK.
>> Yeah, it's the
communication of God.
>> I forget, there's another
woman who also channels Theo.
>> Right.
>> Is that the same energy?
>> I don't know, because
I've never seen her.
>> I know that she was the one
that told Esther Hicks that she
would be channeling.
>> Right.
Yeah, that's right.
>> But I don't know
anything about Theo.
>> OK, yeah, I'm just wondering
if it might be the same energy
now that I'm getting to--
>> I don't know.
I don't know.
Maybe.
I know that Theos has said
that they are, you know,
because we have
multiple incarnations.
And there's a very highly chance
that they're coming through
in a different way.
I know that when I go
into my meditative state,
and they're about to come
through, right before they come
through, I always hear
stuff like, hi, you know,
really fast energy.
And they've got a
very mellow energy
when they come through me,
but they sound a little bit
like Bashar.
They sound a little
bit like Aikon.
They get a little bit
like Roxy, really.
So I think-- what I have
this picture in my mind
is that there's sort
of a cone of knowledge.
And then all these channelers
are placed around it.
And then we're all drawing from
the same source, obviously.
And I think sometimes when I
hear, like, it's usually right
before Theos says, we're
here, I hear all the other--
>> Chatter.
>> --Chatter of like someone
that sounds like Bashar.
You know, how Bashar's
like, oh, eh, you know,
and Aikon's like, hi.
You know, really--
>> Oh, even Aishwa.
>> Yeah, Aishwa.
And so I hear that right
before, and I always think,
is that going to come out of me?
And then Theos comes through the
way they come through for me.
So I think it's really--
I don't have clarification,
but this is what
I'm starting to see visually.
And that's generally how I
start to get information.
I start to see it visually,
and then eventually, they'll
explain it to me.
But I think it's all the same.
>> Yeah, but--
>> And the same, but I think
maybe like Roxanne's over here,
and, you know--
>> Rob's over there.
>> Rob's over there, seriously.
Yeah.
>> You know, and that's been
my journey with the series,
you know, and I'm
interviewing all you guys,
the channelers and these
different energies coming
through.
And you know, some
of the details--
you know, Bashar has got a story
about the Sasani and the Zetas
and Aishwa and the Ayel, and
even though Bashar mentions
the Ayel, but Aishwa's
stories are a little bit
different than that.
So these details, I've noticed,
is where things get a little--
they don't match up so well.
And then people sort
of point that out.
But I'm-- and I love
getting into the details.
But at the same time, there's
these universal truths,
these universal throughs
that everybody agrees on,
whether you're Bashar
or I'm sure today we'll
get into Theos.
And he's going to
say-- he, she, they are
going to say this same thing.
And--
>> Yeah.
Well, they have a
very specific message.
Their message is really
love and oneness.
I know a lot of people
out there do it,
but they really don't-- because
they're sort of evolved beyond
incarnation.
They're not incarnated.
They're not associated
with any race.
I love your term
"extra-dimensional,"
because that's
truly what they are.
They're-- my higher self--
>> And I came through Windy and
Nora as I was sort of searching
for a title for the series.
They were like, uh--
>> They're brilliant.
To see them channel together
is also lovely, yeah.
Yeah, but Theos, he--
or not he, but they just
really stay on that,
and they don't get into a
lot of the worldly stuff,
though they have
opinions, if asked.
>> OK.
I might ask a little bit.
>> No, that's fine.
But they-- that's just
sort of the thing.
So when I started channeling,
if you want to know
the way it happened--
>> Please.
>> --I was watching Abraham
Hicks on a-- she does a pod--
not podcast.
She does a weekly
live broadcast.
You can pay, pay per
view kind of thing.
And when you're watching it,
there's like a little chat.
And everyone is like,
hi from the Netherlands,
hi from wherever.
And my name went scrolling down.
And then this woman--
>> Why would your
name scroll down?
Because you went, hi?
>> I was saying hi.
Yeah, I was saying hi, and then
in the chat, all these people.
It's just-- it goes
really fast, so you just
are watching all
these texts go by.
>> Yeah, the YouTube
Live or Facebook Live.
>> Yes, that kind of thing.
And then all of a
sudden, this woman goes,
is that Karen Neumann
from South Carolina?
And I thought, who's that?
You know?
And then she told me she--
her name was Priscilla.
And she had been a
metaphysical teacher of mine
when I was like 19
years old, and I'd
gone to one of her things of
meet your angels kind of thing
and how to see auras
or something like that.
And so she was American.
Her partner was a
channel back in the '80s.
And they had moved
out to Sedona,
and then she was now
living in France.
So she came.
We exchanged emails,
and we talked, and then
she came to visit me,
like, two weeks later.
Yeah, it was really fast.
And we were having
a conversation,
and we were talking about
Abraham and channeling
and all these things.
And she said, you know, I'm
surprised you don't channel.
And I said, why?
You know, why?
Why would I do that?
And she said, well, I just feel
inspired to tell you that maybe
you want to think about it.
And that's how Theos
talks sometimes.
They're really like, maybe
you just want to consider it.
>> A little suggestion.
>> Yeah, it's up to you.
No pressure.
But if you want to, you know.
So I thought about it
for about two years,
and then I had started the
radio show with Rob Gauthier.
And I was sitting--
>> And you weren't channeling.
You were just doing
the interviews--
>> I was just doing
the interviews.
>> Let's talk about oneness.
>> And I was sitting at home,
and I just had this feeling
like there was a pressure
here in my throat.
And I always check with them,
and I was-- by this time,
I was calling them Theos.
And I'm like, Theos,
what is this, you know?
And-- and they said,
well, if you want to talk,
we will talk through you.
And I said, that's channeling?
And they said, well,
that would be channeling.
And so I thought, OK.
And so I think I waited
another two days to do it.
And then I just did it.
I just let the sound come out.
And I don't know if
anybody who's watching this
has ever channeled or
wants to channel or--
the sensation is
that there's just
water or some flow
of something that
just wants to come out of you.
It's not scary or forceful.
It's just sort of there.
And you can choose to let
it out or not let it out.
And so I just sort of sat
down and was like, well,
here goes nothing, you know.
And then I didn't have
anybody to ask questions.
So I just asked some
questions, because I knew
that that was the thing to do.
And I asked a question, and then
they went into this whole thing
that I had never known
about them-- who they were,
what their--
>> It was you verbally
now speaking--
>> Now verbally talking.
>> --Talking about this, yeah.
>> And so I was
recording it as well.
And I was sort of going
back and forth between me
and then them answering.
And so I-- it was amazing.
I wrote this, I think, four-page
thing all about where they were
or where they said
they were, just
all these different things
that I had never thought to ask
that just came pouring out.
And I felt like, well, why
didn't I ask this before?
And they said that they
were from the Shekhinah.
They were in the Shekhinah,
which I didn't even
know what a Shekhinah
was, but the Shekhinah
in the Jewish Bible is
the presence of God.
So everything that
they talk about
is where they-- that
they're in this presence,
that they're having
this connection.
They're all about oneness.
I mean I didn't even know
oneness was a thing until they
said it to me, you know.
>> Oh, before that you didn't--
>> I didn't know it.
And I didn't have--
>> But was your show at the
time, the one about oneness?
>> No, it became about oneness.
>> Oh, it became after these--
>> Well, they had been talking
about oneness my whole life
as I got older.
But I'm saying I
learned it from them.
And "oneness" sort of became a
term in the world consciousness
about the time that I
started to do my show.
So it had started
to really raise up,
because people
really were talking
about oneness before, you know.
And so that sort of came out.
And so there was a woman on the
radio station named Victoria
Vives, and she had a show.
Because the radio
station was new,
we were all
interviewing each other.
And she had me on
her show, and I
said, oh, I started channeling.
And she said, oh, do
you want to channel?
I thought, oh, man.
I've never channeled before.
And so--
>> Publicly, yeah.
>> I channeled one time,
that session at my computer.
And so I did my thing and--
>> Live or in the studio?
>> Live on the radio, and
she started asking questions.
And all of a sudden, just
all this stuff came out.
And I thought, this
is really real.
This is it.
This is real.
And I thought, I'm a channel.
>> Channeling.
>> I'm just a channel.
I'm a channel now.
So that was it.
That's how it started.
>> And you were able to
get into it pretty quickly.
>> Yeah, because I knew them.
>> Yeah, you already had that--
>> And I was comfortable
with the energy of them.
The channeling
itself-- you know,
it's a dynamic of being used to
letting the information flow,
but at the same time,
I'm a medium as well.
And I know that whatever
I get, just to let it out,
and I don't question it.
I just express it.
And in that way, I think I had
a little bit of pre-training
in how to do it.
And really, I think
channeling is just
another form of mediumship.
It's just a different form.
>> For my show, I was
regressed by Barbara Lamb.
But I was still
aware and present,
but I really got
to understand what
it felt like to sort
of take the back seat
and let things come through.
>> Right.
>> So you know, we all
have access to this.
>> Yeah, we all do.
It's just-- you
know, it happens.
I mean you're an actor, and
with artists, it's a second--
it's second nature.
It's part of how you create.
But-- because channeling
doesn't have to be this.
It doesn't have to be
this informational thing.
But it can be expressed
in any way that's where
you're expressing the soul's--
>> Desire.
>> --Loving, and
desire, and knowing.
>> There's a great book
called "Stealing Fire."
I think I mentioned
that last night.
>> Yeah, I'm excited to read it.
>> And it's sort of a
mainstream book, a bestseller.
And they talk about flow
states, and now, you
know, the Navy, Navy
SEALs, and Silicon Valley,
and all these elitists
in our society
are now exploring what--
they're not using the
term "channeling."
They're using flow states.
But it's the exact same thing.
And there's this one
guy named Jason Silva.
I don't know if you've
followed his work.
He's been on "Brain Games," and
he does these little snippets
called "The Shots of Awe,"
which are these little YouTube
10-minute--
5 to 10-minute
snippets of him just--
basically, he's channeling.
He finds a subject,
and he just goes into,
and he calls it his flow state.
And there's a chapter
devoted to him
in the book, where
he talks about it.
And since I'm doing the
series and understanding this,
that's--
>> It's the same.
>> It's the channel.
It's the same thing.
So when we can access
these flow states--
and they talk about
it in the book
that it's really so many
different ways to access it,
so through shamanism and
psychedelics is one way.
But just in the meditative
state and really following
your passion and getting
excited about something.
Improv for actors--
>> Sure.
>> You know, we--
>> I did improv.
It's the same.
>> It's the same thing.
You know, because when
you get out of your head,
you get out of the way, and then
you have that direct connection
to who you are.
>> Yes, yes, yes, yes.
>> Yeah, and you're boom.
And you don't-- you don't
give the brain time to think.
>> No.
>> And that's the
direct connection.
And we all have
access to this, and--
>> Yeah, I've had experiences.
And it's interesting to
know that, like, you know,
it's just a flow that happens
for every single person
in different moments.
It's usually-- like
a lot of people
say, oh, when I
go in the shower,
I get such information,
because you're just
busy washing your
hair or your body,
and you're not thinking so much.
And then all this stuff
just starts coming,
and all that a channel does
is they just find that state--
>> Yes.
>> --Actively and sit in it.
And it's not happening
as much by chance
as it is happening by will or--
>> Well, a lot of
it's self-judgment.
You know, what gets in
our way is we think--
we think about what the other
people or what other things
or what the uni-- you know,
is going to think about us.
And that's why you have
the great actors like even
Jim Carrey and--
who is very open about
this information now--
who get out of
their way, get out
of the way to let whatever
it is come through
and not have that self-judgment.
>> Yeah.
>> And that's where the
true artistry comes through.
>> That's right.
And it's really
your truest feature.
You know, you--
in Hinduism, they
talk about that in the
creation of the world,
you have the descending grace
and the ascending grace.
And the descending grace is
sort of the wholeness source
energy coming into the world.
And as that energy
comes in, there's
the forgetfulness
of who you are.
And so those states can
be seen as hindrances
of knowing who you are.
But if you're talking about
from God's source coming in,
those were the gifts that were
given to allow this experience.
And then as you start
to ascend, then these
become your tripping
stones, the things
that you need to let go of.
So part of that is creativity
that you don't, as an artist
or as just a human
being, you think
that you're good at one
thing, but you don't
realize you can do everything.
>> We come in to have that,
to have that sort of singular
experience.
But we've truly, if
we were totally open,
we could do everything.
But then again, if we were
totally, totally open,
we would not be in the body.
>> Not be in this existence.
People tease me,
because as an actor--
and you start getting
into certain roles
and going down
certain ways, and then
eventually,
especially comedians,
I find that there's no shame.
You get rid of that shame,
that shamefulness that-- you're
like, well, if I
do this, people are
going to judge me and
think about me this way.
But if you can just
start shedding that away,
then your true
self comes through.
And however ridiculous
and however--
>> Well, you know,
whatever's in you comes out,
and even if it's dark, which,
you know, it's still in you.
And you need to be willing
to honestly see yourself.
If you're really
trying to expand,
you have to be able to look
at the light and the dark
equally and stand
in the middle of it
and observe it and
say, OK, that is.
You know, it's-- none of
it's bad in the larger part
of anything.
It's all--
>> Yeah.
We're all actors on this planet.
>> Yes.
>> You know, some of us actually
do the acting job more than
others.
But we're all actors.
>> Well, actors should
understand it more than
anybody.
>> Yeah, and I think they do,
but we're told as a society
that that's acting.
This is real life.
But I think a lot of actors do
sort of get into these roles,
and just by putting on-- trying
these different roles and these
different suits on--
>> It has to be opening.
I have to imagine that if
you play a character that's
really dark or really
light, it's going
to affect you in some way.
You're going to see-- you're
going to see your own demons,
your own angels, and
you're going to--
hopefully, if you're an
actively participant,
you're integrating all
of it and accepting it.
But what a gift to
be able to explore
all these different realities.
>> Yeah, and we live in
this Hollywood, California,
you know, sort of the
stage of the world.
And we get to try on all these
different roles, and everybody
just to watch.
And there's a lot of nasty,
dark stuff behind it all as well
that's now coming out.
And we're now--
>> It all is coming up.
>> We're sort of
addressing that and saying,
we can play on the stage, and we
don't have to go there anymore.
We don't have to do
those nasty things.
>> Well, that's sort
of evolution, too.
I mean, if you think
about that in creation,
every experience is wanted.
And those experiences,
as awful as they are,
are just a result
of possibility.
And it's kind of like you can
say, OK, we've done that now.
We know what that's
about, so maybe now we've
explored that enough.
And you can move out of it.
But there's the part that
almost in the dualistic society,
even though non-duality is what
we really are, in dualism, you
have to have opposites.
You have to have them.
You just have to.
>> You have to.
You must have the dualism.
Yes.
And it's about the
integration of the two,
defining that sweet
point, that middle.
>> That middle
ground of just being.
But in some ways--
I might be controversial
in saying this--
I think, you know, we're not
also in the biggest hurry
to move back to that
completely sweet point,
because then the
thrill of experience
is lessened in this
world, you know.
So it's a nice progression
that we're going through,
and people talk about, oh,
how long is it going to take?
I think it's going to take
a long time, you know?
Because there's so
much more to explore.
And the people that we're around
are actively exploring it.
>> On that extreme, on
that sort of oneness that--
>> Sure, but there's a whole
other part of the world--
>> That they're
exploring the op--
>> This hasn't even been a
glimmer in their eye yet.
>> And there's a lot of other
people that explore the other
side, the dark, nasty stuff.
Not for me.
Not for you.
But--
>> Valid.
>> Valid in their exploration
in that way, exactly.
It took me a while to
come to those terms.
>> Yeah, and not to be afraid
of it or push against it,
just to accept it
and say, OK, it's OK.
It doesn't mean
you don't actively
try to build something better,
build something more positive
that people can choose
for, but you don't really
have to go after the bad guy.
>> Yeah, you're just
wasting your energy.
>> They always say you're
>> Absolutely.
Well, great.
Shall we get into
some channeling
and bring Theos in and go there?
>> Yeah, we'll go there.
Great, OK.
>> Cool.
Well, thank you.
>> Thank you so much.
>> And I look forward to the
Channel Panel and your work
and the future.
>> I'm excited about that.
It's just such an
honor to be there.
So it's like-- I don't
know-- it's the channeling
Olympics or something.
>> Yeah, it seems like it.
I'm tired just
thinking about it,
and I'm not even channeling.
[MUSIC PLAYING]